today we're gonna make beef chimichangas
actually it's not we my friend here
Sonia Ortiz she has a great YouTube
channel she's gonna make beef
chimichangas for us today so son you
tell them a little bit about your
channel sure it's called you can cook
channel and it's in English and we also
have an older channel it's called cocina
natural which are is in Spanish and so I
invite you to go to the I YouTube I in
look for the link to my channel and hope
you follow us put the link to the
Spanish Channel aqui English channel
here ok so I'm going to tell you about
the ingredients we're going to need ok
we're going to need some flour tortillas
four of them we need one and a half cup
of shredded beef already cooked we also
need a 1 chipotle chili pepper we're
going to chop it finely one garlic clove
finely chopped 1 onion we're gonna cut
them in slices also 2 roma tomatoes cut
into small cubes and we're going to need
some vegetable oil to fry it and we're
going to make a wacom moly sauce and for
you and so we can serve it with we need
one avocado like 1/4 cup 1/4 a bundle of
cilantro and some salt to taste and 1
Serrano chili pepper the juice of half a
lime this is so it doesn't turn black
and we need a little bit of water
because we're going to make it a not a
very thick sauce and also we need some
disinfectant we use in Mexico I don't
think you have any no well we use
disinfectant for our veggies in Mexico
just in case but I guess in the States
you don't have to and that's all we need
really you see how simple actually it
sounds like a simple dish are you ready
ready okay first of all we fry the
chopped onion and garlic in
for a couple of minutes add the chopped
tomatoes and chopped chilli Chipotle and
move constantly for three more minutes
since you did salt cover and simmer for
five more minutes
add the shredded beef
to prepare the whack Amole would be
avocado in the blender add the lime
juice cilantro chilies serrano salt and
a little bit of water
and Lent
Keith's flour tortillas over grill put
the tortilla in a plate add some of the
filling for the older tortillas to form
our burrito
keep oil in a pan and once it's very hot
at the burrito to fry it remove it when
it's golden-brown and put it on top of
one paper napkin to remove excess oil
okay so anyways the dish is ready so
like I say how does it taste well we
have to try it I hope that's what Kamali
sauce is not too hot
and welcome all these good but not too
splashy I like that all I think
delicious yeah I'm glad you like it
I appreciate you preparing this for us
today and hopefully we're in the kitchen
together again real soon
let's hope so thank you thank you bye